The old man once went to Beijing to practice medicine
Seeing that the dragon master is willing to block the way for the soldiers
Blood stained the ground red
Fortunately, the dragon master has the body of a true dragon
Otherwise, even I will return to the sky with a spell
It's a pity that the dragon owner wore a heavy helmet that day
Failed to follow its style
It's still a pity to think about it now
I remember a scar on Xiao Chen's chest
Master Liu, what's wrong with you?
Mom, I'm fine.
The ball is drunk
The ball is a little dizzy
Let's go back and rest then.
Yeah.
I must be overthinking it.
How could they possibly be the same person?
Even as Gu Lao said
This is an excellent handwriting
But that's just a word.
On Value
Far less than the ancient Xia I Ching given by Ye Shao
Of course.
The ancient Xia I Ching is the source of art
Its value cannot be measured in money at all
Exactly.
The real Ancient Xia I Ching is indeed priceless
But
A fake Guxia has no value at all